Improve docs related to storage (#150)
linera-io/linera-documentation: src/developers/sdk/state.md

# Creating the Application State

The state of a Linera application consists of onchain data that are persisted
between transactions.

The `struct` which defines your application's state can be found in
`src/state.rs`. To represent our counter, we're going to use a `u64` integer.

While we could use a plain data-structure for the entire application state:

```rust,ignore
struct Counter {
  value: u64
}
```

in general, we prefer to manage persistent data using the concept of "views":

> [Views](https://docs.rs/linera-views/latest/linera_views/) allow an
> application to load persistent data in memory and stage modifications in a
> flexible way.
>
> Views resemble the persistent objects of an
> [ORM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object%E2%80%93relational_mapping)

> > framework, except that they are stored as a set of key-values (instead of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> framework, except that they are stored as a set of key-value pairs (instead of a
```
